add users and roles section - TEDU-130 (#108)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/users_roles/managing_users.rst

Managing Users
##############

.. vale on

An Administrator can manage Users with appropriate permissions in Mautic by accessing the settings cog wheel at the top right of the screen.

Create the User by completing all the mandatory fields, adding a signature if required, and assigning them a username and password. Always use a secure password for Users with access to your Mautic instance.

.. image:: images/mautic-users.png
  :alt: Screenshot showing Mautic Users

You can set up new Users in Mautic manually or through the API.

To set up a User manually:

1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Users**.

2. Click **+New** in the top right corner.

3. Fill in the appropriate fields for your User:
   

>    * **First name** and **Last name** - Your User’s first and last name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **First name** and **Last name** - Your User's first and last name.
```

>    * **Roles** are assigned based on permissions you grant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Roles** assigned based on permissions you grant.
```

>    * **Signature** is only necessary if you’re using the Mailer is owner feature in Mautic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Signature** is only necessary if you're using the Mailer is owner feature in Mautic. 
```

>    * **Position (optional)** - Your User’s job title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Position - optional** - Your User's job title.
```

  
   * **Username, Email, Password** are the login credentials. If a User forgets their password, they can use the Forgot password link, but you can manually change their password here.
  
.. note:: 

>     Passwords must be at least six (6) characters in length. Ensure that you use a combination of upper and lower case alphabets, special characters, and numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Passwords must be at least six characters in length. Ensure that you use a combination of upper and lower case alphabets, special characters, and numbers.
```

I don't think we need to spell out the number here.

> * **Time zone** - Set the User’s time zone, or use the default. Adding the User’s time zone enables them to account for time zone differences for Email scheduling and other features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Time zone** - Set the User's time zone, or use the default. Adding the User's time zone enables them to account for time zone differences for Email scheduling and other features.
```

* **Language** - Select a language for each User, to improve their experience in Mautic.

> Notify your Users that their accounts have been created. Mautic doesn’t send an Email notifying Users of their login information. Manually informing them is necessary.

Reviewer: We have a PR to change this - hopefully it makes it into Mautic 5! https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/9733

> Notify your Users that their accounts have been created. Mautic doesn’t send an Email notifying Users of their login information. Manually informing them is necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notify your Users that their accounts have been created. Mautic doesn't send an Email notifying Users of their login information. Manually informing them is necessary.
```
